# Java-Swing
A project about hotel room booking with Java Swing

When you run my code, an interface will pop up on the screen, which is divided into three parts. The top of the interface is hotel information and map, then the middle part is user’s personal information. The final part at the bottom is used to store user’s reservation record and some other functions. This whole page looks concise and organized, following aesthetic and minimalist. 
Next, let me introduce to you some specific functions of the interface I designed. If a user wants to book a room in a hotel near Suzhou University, he should browse from top to down. Firstly, user has to select a hotel he want according to the map, and check the remaining rooms in it. After choosing a hotel, as the user’s eyes move down, he will see the personal information part, where the user was supposed to fill in his own information, such as name, telephone number, check-in date and the number of rooms. Then, the user needs to click the "reverse" button to place an order. Once an order is generated, the user's reservation record will be automatically generated at the bottom of the interface. In addition, the user can also click "view" button to view the complete order or click "cancel order" button to cancel the selected order. While clicking these two buttons, the interface will return a pop-up window to let user determine whether to perform this operation, which verifies the design principle: provide feedback. The last detail is that if the user enters the name and mobile phone number in the wrong format, the input error will be displayed, which verifies the design principle: Help users recognize, diagnose errors.
